am I crazy or does this totally go
oh my god you look so beautiful
Thank You Rachel but look at Monica this
is it yeah this is the one I can't
believe I found it oh wow you look so
beautiful if I knew you I'd cry
well I'm Monica Geller bawl like a baby
oh I know you hand me a tissue you're
out of Diet Coke hello
what you what hey you listen here Missy
what what that was that girl Megan she
booked the swing Kings on the day of our
wedding and said I couldn't have them
back unless I gave her the dress Oh does
that mean carcass is available what am I
gonna do that is the dress that is the
dress Oh Chandler wants the band and
what do I do
we'll just figure out a way to talk him
out of it how
[Music]
Joey got meat sauce on the banister
again yeah swing music is so out Phoebe
he's got to be in the room for that to
work well we were just talking about the
you know the swing kings and just
wondering whether you know where they
were the right way to go yeah I went to
a wedding once where they had swing
music and two months later the couple
got divorced I know I'm not saying that
there's any connection here you know but
they did tell me that's why they got
divorced but I love swing music yeah but
the swing kings
you know they suck so much that people
actually die at their concerts they just
stop living all I know is when Monica
and I went to see them we had fun and
there's another reason to well what is
the other reason I don't want to say
well you have to because maybe it's
stupid well it's just while Monica and I
were dancing to them it was the first
time I knew that you were the woman that
I wanted to dance all my dances with oh
crap I don't come in here why do you
have another boyfriend in there or
something no we only mess around in his
place
you know it's funny I started it but now
it's scaring me so could you come out
here please no I'm wearing a wedding
dress oh you got a wedding dress that's
great yeah but I'm not keeping it well
then why can't I see it oh I guess you
can okay but I I have to return it so
you can't like it okay I promise I'll
I'll hate it
wow you you look hideous really yeah
that's like the most ugliest dress I've
ever seen well why do you have to return
it oh because it doesn't really fit oh
by the way I booked the swing kings oh
that's great great thanks but that dress
I mean it's like la it's terrible it
makes me want to just rip it right off
yeah okay
you can't rip it well maybe a little
[Music]
hey guys you want to look at the song
this for the wedding guys I thought you
were gonna be gone all day all right
what's going on
sorry I'm sorry I should probably leave
you girls alone there laugh all you want
but in ten minutes we're gonna have
younger looking skinn no she could use a
little